
A81043 Counter({'title_page': 2, 'to_the_reader': 2, 'text': 2}) ----------- Rowles, Samuel, fl. 1652.; Carwardine, Daniel, b. 1600 or 1601. ----------- A briefe discourse touching a broken heart In which the nature, causes, and signes of it are solidly treated of; as also, its acceptablenesse to God; together with many other motives pressing us to labour after the procurement of it, and the means leading thereunto: Being the summe and substance of certain sermons preached by Mr. Daniel Carwardine, late minister of Eling in the county of Middlesex. And since his death put forth by S.R. a friend of his. Whereunto is annexed, a confession of faith by Mr. Samuel Rowles, late fellow of Trinity-Colledge in Cambridge. And now minister of Thistleworth in the county of Middlesex. ----------- Spiritual life --  Early works to 1800.
A16317 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Bolton, Robert, 1572-1631. ----------- A discourse about the state of true happinesse deliuered in certaine sermons in Oxford, and at Pauls Crosse: by Robert Bolton. -----------  Religious aspects --  Early works to 1800. -- Happiness
A70858 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Pritchard, Thomas, M.A.; Pichard, Thomas. ----------- Christos dikaiosynē, or, Jesus Christ given of God the Father for our justification explained, confirmed, and applyed (very briefly) in one sermon to the satisfaction of some judicious hearers, for whose sake chiefly and at whose earnest request, it is made publick. ----------- Justification --  Early works to 1800.
A53271 Counter({'publisher': 2, 'title_page': 1, 'author': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'doctrine': 1, 'application': 1, 'postscript': 1, 'errata': 1}) ----------- Oldfield, James. ----------- Sincerity, or, The upright mans walk to heaven in two parts shewing I. that sincerity is the true way to happiness, II. that the keeping of our selves from our own iniquity is the true way to sincerity / delivered in several sermons in the parish church of St. Michael in Long-Stratton Norfolk by James Oldfield, late minister there. ----------- Christian life --  Anglican authors. -- Sincerity.
A60334 Counter({'part': 2, 'indulgence': 2, 'title_page': 1, 'imprimatur': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'preface': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'half_title': 1}) ----------- Sall, Andrew, 1612-1682. ----------- True Catholic and apostolic faith maintain'd in the Church of England by Andrew Sall ... ; being a reply to several books published under the names of J.E., N.N. and J.S. against his declaration for the Church of England, and against the motives for his separation from the Roman Church, declared in a printed sermon which he preached in Dublin. ----------- Church of England -- French, Nicholas, 1604-1678. --  Unerring and unerrable Church. -- Catholic Church --  Bleeding Iphigenia. --  Doleful fall of Andrew Sall. --  Unerrable church or none. -- Brown, Ignatius, 1630-1679. --  Doctrines.
A36211 Counter({'title_page': 2, 'publisher': 1, 'tract': 1, 'postscript': 1}) ----------- Anonymous ----------- The Doctrine of the Catholick Church and of the Church of England concerning the blessed Trinity explained and asserted against the dangerous heterodoxes in a sermon by Dr. William Sherlock before my Lord Mayor and the court of aldermen. -----------  Early works to 1800. --  Danger of corrupting the faith by philosophy. -- Philosophy and religion -- Sherlock, William, 1641?-1707. -- Trinity
B18418 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'discourse': 1}) ----------- J. C. ----------- A short discourse against transubstantiation, or, An answer to the ordinary question whether a man may be saved in the Roman Catholick religion? by the reduction of it to another, whether one can be saved who, apostasizing from a true religion joineth himself with the grossest idolaters : where the evidence against transubstantion from revelation, reason, and sense is repeated and improved in two sermons on Mat. 26. 26 / by J.C. -----------  Controversial literature. -- Transubstantiation. -- Catholic Church
A53674 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'text': 1, 'errata': 1}) ----------- Owen, John, 1616-1683. ----------- A brief vindication of the non-conformists from the charge of schisme as it was managed against them in a sermon preached before the Lord Mayor by Dr. Stillingfleet, Dean of St. Pauls. ----------- Religious tolerance --  Mischief of separation. -- Dissenters, Religious -- Stillingfleet, Edward, 1635-1699. --  England.
A16506 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Bourne, Immanuel, 1590-1672. ----------- The true vvay of a Christian, to the nevv Ierusalem Or, a three-folde demonstration: first, of the excellencie of the true and sauing knowledge of Christ; and the meanes to attaine it: with the antiquitie, necesitie, and benefit of catechisme. Secondly, of our vnion and communion with Christ, and his Church. Thirdly, of our new creation in Christ, by the blessed Spirit. With diuers questions, and cases of conscience, most comfortable for a Christian. Deliuered first in briefe, in a sermon preached at Paules-Crosse, the first Sunday in the new yeere, 1617. And newly reuised and enlarged by Immanuel Bourne ... ----------- Christian life --  Early works to 1800.
A07190 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Mason, Francis, 1566?-1621. ----------- The avthoritie of the Chvrch in making canons and constitutions concerning things indifferent and the obedience thereto required: with particular application to the present estate of the Church of England. Deliuered in a sermon preached in the Greene yard at Norwich the third Sunday after Trinitie. 1605. By Fran. Mason, Bacheler of Diuinitie, and sometime fellow of Merton College in Oxford. And now in sundrie points by him enlarged. ----------- Church -- Adiaphora --  Early works to 1800. --  Authority
A32891 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'tract': 1}) ----------- Anonymous ----------- The Christian conventicle, or, the private-meetings of God's people in evil times, vindicated and warranted by the Word of God Being some-time since delivered in several sermons, and now published for publick benefit. -----------  Early works to 1800. --  Great Britain -- Dissenters, Religious -- Society of Friends -- Assembly, Right of --  England
A04112 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'index': 1, 'errata': 1, 'preface': 1, 'tract': 1, 'partial_second_copy_of_text': 1}) ----------- Barker, Peter, preacher of Gods word. ----------- A iudicious and painefull exposition vpon the ten Commandements wherein the text is opened, questions and doubts are resolued, errours confuted, and sundry instructions effectually applied. First deliuered in seuerall sermons, and now published to the glory of God, and for the further benefit of his church. By Peter Barker, preacher of Gods word, at Stowre Paine, in Dorsetshire. ----------- Ten Commandments --  Early works to 1800.
B12497 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'approbation': 1, 'analysis': 1, 'tract': 1, 'errata': 1}) ----------- Downame, George, d. 1634. ----------- A treatise vpon John 8. 36 concerning Christian libertie The chiefe points whereof were deliuered in a sermon preached at Pauls Crosse, Nouemb. 6. 1608. By George Dovvname Doctor of Diuinitie. ----------- Liberty --  Early works to 1800. -- Bible. --  Commentaries --  John VIII, 36 --  Religious aspects --  N.T.
A26830 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'imprimatur': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Battell, Ralph, 1649-1713. ----------- The lawfulness and expediency of church-musick asserted in a sermon preached at St. Brides-Church upon the 22d. of November, 1693 being the anniversary meeting of gentlemen, lovers of musick / by Ralph Battell ... ----------- Music in churches.
A20528 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'treatise': 1, 'imprimatur': 1}) ----------- Dod, John, 1549?-1645. ----------- A plaine and familiar exposition on the Lords prayer first preached in divers sermons, the substance whereof, is now published for the benefit of the church / by I.D. ... ----------- Lord's prayer --  Commentaries.
A61010 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'preface': 1, 'publisher': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Sparrow, Anthony, 1612-1685. ----------- The Bishop of Exons Caution to his diocese against false doctrines delivered in a sermon at Truro in Cornwall at his primary visitation. ----------- Church of England -- Dissenters, Religious --  Controversial literature. --  Apologetic works.
A05347 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'poem': 1, 'treatise': 1, 'answer': 1, 'errata': 1}) ----------- Leslie, Henry, 1580-1661. ----------- A treatise of the authority of the church The summe wherof was delivered in a sermon preached at Belfast, at the visitation of the diocese of Downe and Conner the tenth day of August 1636. By Henrie Leslie bishop of the diocese. Intended for the satisfaction of them who in those places oppose the orders of our church, and since published upon occasion of a libell sent abroad in writing, wherin this sermon, and all his proceedings are most falsely traduced. Together with an answer to certaine objections made against the orders of our church, especially kneeling at the communion. ----------- Church of England --  Apologetic works --  Early works to 1800. -- Posture in worship
A09970 Counter({'frontispiece': 1, 'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'treatise': 1}) ----------- Goodwin, Thomas, 1600-1680.; Ball, Thomas, 1589 or 90-1659.; Preston, John, 1587-1628.; Glover, George, b. ca. 1618, engraver. ----------- The golden scepter held forth to the humble VVith the Churches dignitie by her marriage. And the Churches dutie in her carriage. In three treatises. The former delivered in sundry sermons in Cambridge, for the weekely fasts, 1625. The two latter in Lincolnes Inne. By the late learned and reverend divine, Iohn Preston, Dr. in Divinity, chaplaine in ordinary to His Maiesty, Mr. of Emanuel Colledge in Cambridge, and somtime preacher at Lincolnes Inne. ----------- Christian life --  Early works to 1800.
A13083 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'index': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Struther, William, 1578-1633. ----------- True happines, or, King Dauids choice begunne in sermons, and now digested into a treatise. By Mr. William Struther, preacher at Edinburgh. -----------  Early works to 1800. --  Psalms XXVII -- Bible. --  Criticism, interpretation, etc. --  O.T.
A76800 Counter({'part': 2, 'title_page': 1, 'errata': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'answer': 1}) ----------- Blackwood, Christopher. ----------- The storming of Antichrist, in his two last and strongest garrisons; of compulsion of conscience, and infants babptisme [sic]. Wherein is set down a way and manner for cburch [sic] constitution; together with markes to know right constituted churches, from all other societies in the world. Also the cruelty inequality and injustice of compulsion for conscience, by 29. arguments is opened; with an answer to 26. objections brought for the same. Also 12. arguments against the baptizing of infants; with an answer to 26. objections brought for the same. Wherein is displayed to the view of all, from the testimonies of Scriptures, Fathers, councels; the mischiefs, uncertainties, novelties, and absudities [sic] that do attend the same. Wherein is answered the most valid arguments brought by St. Martiall, in his sermon preached in the Abbey Church at Westminister, for the defence hereof. With an answer to Mr. Blake his arguments, in his book cald Birth-priviledge; and to the arguments of divers others. As also a catechisme, wherein is cleerely opened the doctrine of baptisme, together with a resolution of divers questions and cases of conscience, about baptisme. Written by Ch. Blackwood, out of his earnest desire he hath to a thorow reformation, having formerly seen the mischiefs of half reformations. -----------  Early works to 1800. --  Controversial literature -- Liberty of conscience -- Blake, Thomas, 1597?-1657. -- Marshall, Stephen, 1594?-1655. -- Infant baptism --  Sermon of the baptizing of infants. --  Infants baptisme, freed from Antichristianisme
A69511 Counter({'part': 2, 'title_page': 1}) ----------- Archer, John, Master of Art.; Abbot, George, 1562-1633. ----------- Cheap-side Crosse censured and condemned by a letter sent from the vicechancellour and other learned men of the famous Vniversitie of Oxford in answer to a question propounded by the citizens of London, concerning the said crosse, in the yeere 1600, in which yeer it was beautified : as also a remarkable passage to the same purpose, in a sermon preached to an eminent and very great auditory in this city of London / by a very reverend, holy, and learned divine, a while after the crosse was last repaired, which was anno 1606. ----------- Cheapside Cross (London, England)
A79931 Counter({'text': 1, 'colophon': 1}) ----------- Anonymous ----------- The clearing of Master Cranfords text, 2. Tim. Chap. 2. vers 17. from that imputation of cruelty and un-gospell bloodinesse, which the said Mr. Cranford (being the *feeder of Chistopher le Stocks, and minding it should seem to fatten his charge) endevoured to fastenthereon, in a sermon at Pauls, before the Lord Major, aldermen, and citizens of London, contrary to the intent of the whole New Testament, though not without the suffrages of those fathers of his persecuting spirit, the Greek and Latine prelats (no better fathers, nor of better authority to expound, much lesse to pervert Scripture; the (*) P. Lancelotus VVintoniensis, P. Josephus Exoniensis, P. Jacobus Armacensis. These names in the ages following may be as much abused, and as reverently handled to cheat withall, and to introduce prelacy, as any Greek or Latine) together with those anciently venerable Greek and Hebrew Grandsires, P. Abaddon, P. Satan, P. Apollyon, P. Diabolus. That text 2. Tim. 2.17. is cleered from the said false aspersion by a jury of its peeres, viz. twelve texts, three antecedent, and nine consequent in the same chapter, faithfull witnesses and true, prolcaiming aloud that ver.17. is abused and falsely charged, as many other wayes, ... -----------  Early works to 1800. -- Bible. -- Heresy --  Hæreseo-machia: or, the mischiefe which heresies doe, and the means to prevent it. -- Cranford, James, d. 1657. --  Timothy, 2nd, II, 17 --  Commentaries --  N.T.
A15010 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'imprimatur': 1, 'tract': 1}) ----------- Whately, William, 1583-1639. ----------- The oyle of gladnesse. Or, Comfort for dejected sinners First preached in the parish church of Banbury in certaine sermons, and now published in this present treatise. By William Whately minister there. -----------  Early works to 1800. -- Consolation
A50410 Counter({'title_page': 6, 'text': 4, 'part': 2, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'preface': 1}) ----------- Mayne, Jasper, 1604-1672. ----------- Certain sermons and letters of defence and resolution to some of the late controversies of our times by Jas. Mayne. ----------- Church of England -- Great Britain --  Controversial literature. --  Civil War, 1642-1649 --  Sources. --  England. -- Church and state --  History
A26579 Counter({'treatise': 3, 'arguments': 3, 'title_page': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'index': 1}) ----------- Ainsworth, Henry, 1571-1622? ----------- Covnterpoyson considerations touching the poynts in difference between the godly ministers and people of the Church of England, and the seduced brethren of the separation : argvments that the best assemblies of the present church of England are true visible churches : that the preachers in the best assemblies of Engl. are true ministers of Christ : Mr. Bernards book intituled The Separatists Schisme : Mr Crashawes questions propounded in his sermon preached at the crosse / examined and answered by Henry Ainsworth. ----------- Bernard, Richard, 1568-1641. -- Great Britain --  17th century. --  Sermon preached at the crosse Feb. 14, 1607. --  Christian advertisements and counsels of peace. --  Church history -- Brownists. -- Crashaw, William, 1572-1626. -- Sprint, John, d. 1623.
A73751 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'tract': 1}) ----------- Close, George. ----------- The rocke of religion. Christ, not Peter As it was deliuered in certaine sermons vpon Math. 16. ver. 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, & 20. Summarily contracted out of that which was more largely handled in the parish of S. Anthonline by George Close the younger, one of the readers there. -----------  Early works to 1800. -- Bible. --  Matthew XVI, 13-20 -- Christian literature --  Devotional literature -- Jesus Christ --  Commentaries --  N.T.
A68566 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Bancroft, Richard, 1544-1610. Sermon preached at Paules Crosse the 9. of Februarie. Selections.; Penry, John, 1559-1593. ----------- A briefe discouery of the vntruthes and slanders (against the true gouernement of the Church of Christ) contained in a sermon, preached the 8. [sic] of Februarie 1588. by D. Bancroft and since that time, set forth in print, with additions by the said authour. This short ansvver may serue for the clearing of the truth, vntill a larger confutation of the sermon be published. ----------- Bancroft, Richard, 1544-1610. -- Church of England --  Early works to 1800. --  Controversial literature --  Puritan authors --  Sermon preached at Paules Crosse the 9. of Februarie
A51907 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'index': 1, 'commentary': 1}) ----------- Marbury, Edward, 1581-ca. 1655. ----------- A commentarie or exposition upon the prophecie of Habakkuk together with many usefull and very seasonable observations / delivered in sundry sermons preacht in the church of St. James Garlick-hith London, many yeeres since, by Edward Marbury ... -----------  O.T. --  Commentaries. -- Bible. --  Habakkuk
A80756 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Cragge, John, M.A. ----------- The royal prerogative vindicated in the converted recusant convinced by Scripture, reasons, fathers, and councils, that the oath of abjuration (compared with those of allegiance, and supremacy) containeth nothing, but what may be lawfully taken by every pious Christian, and loyal subject; and that the known doctrine, and discipline of the Church of England, in opposition to Popery on the one hand, and all sects, and schisms on the other, is the safest way to peace and loyalty here, and salvation hereafter. To which is annexed The King's supremacy in all causes, ecclesiastical, and civil, asserted in a sermon preached at the assises at Monmouth before Sir Robert Hide, one of his Majestie's judges, March 30. 1661. / By John Cragge, M.A. -----------  Early works to 1800. -- Prerogative, Royal --  England
A04483 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'text': 1, 'treatise': 1}) ----------- Garbrand, John, 1542-1589.; Jewel, John, 1522-1571. ----------- A viewe of a seditious bul sent into Englande, from Pius Quintus Bishop of Rome, anno. 1569. Taken by the reuerende Father in God, Iohn Iewel, late Bishop of Salisburie. Wherevnto is added a short treatise of the holy Scriptures. Both which he deliuered in diuers sermons in his cathedral church of Salisburie, anno. 1570 -----------  Controversial literature. --  Regnans in excelsis -- Catholic Church. --  Pope (1566-1572 : Pius V).
A32910 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'preface': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Chudleigh, Mary Lee, Lady, 1656-1710. ----------- The female advocate; or, A plea for the just liberty of the tender sex, and particularly of married women. Being reflections on a late rude and disingenuous discourse, delivered by Mr. John Sprint, in a sermon at a wedding, May 11th, at Sherburn in Dorsetshire, 1699. / By a Lady of Quality. -----------  The bride-womans counseller. -- Sprint, John. -- Marriage.
A08482 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'illustration': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'license': 1, 'text': 1, 'elegy': 1, 'epitaph': 1}) ----------- Oldmayne, Timothy.; Garnons, John, fl. 1636. ----------- Lifes brevitie and deaths debility Evidently declared in a sermon preached at the funerall of that hopeful and uertuous yong gentleman Edvvard Levvkenor esquire, &c. In whose death is ended the name of that renowned family of the Lewkenors in Suffolke. By Tymothy Oldmayne minister of the Word of God at Denham in Suffolke. Our dayes on earth are as a shaddow, and there is none abiding. Also an elegy and an epitaph on the death of that worthy gentleman, by I.G. Dr. of D. ----------- Lewkenor, Edward, 1614-1634.
A01883 Counter({'part': 3, 'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'corollary': 1, 'author_to_the_reader': 1}) ----------- Goodman, Godfrey, 1583-1656. ----------- The fall of man, or the corruption of nature, proued by the light of our naturall reason Which being the first ground and occasion of our Christian faith and religion, may likewise serue for the first step and degree of the naturall mans conuersion. First preached in a sermon, since enlarged, reduced to the forme of a treatise, and dedicated to the Queenes most excellent Maiestie. By Godfrey Goodman ... ----------- Fall of man --  Early works to 1800.
A49757 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Baxter, Richard, 1615-1691.; Lawrence, Edward, 1623-1695. ----------- Christ's power over bodily diseases Preached in several sermons on Mat. 8. 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13. And published for the instruction especially of the more ignorant people in the great dutie of preparation for sickness and death. By Edward Lawrence, M.A. minister of the gospel at Baschurch in the county of Salop. -----------  Criticism, interpretation, etc. --  N.T. -- Bible. --  Matthew VIII, 5-13
A06732 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'imprimatur': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Maden, Richard. ----------- Christs love and affection towards Jerusalem Delivered in sundry sermons out of his words and carriage when he came unto her, as they are recorded, Luke 19. 41, 42. Wherein are handled, 1 Christs teares which he shed for Ierusalem, and the matter of singular observation in them. ... 6 The sin and misery of those who live under the meanes, and have the things of Christ and the Gospell hid from them. By Richard Maden B.D. preacher of the word of God at St. Helens London, and late fellow of Magdalen Colledge in Cambridge. ----------- Christian life --  Early works to 1800.
A27407 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Benson, Gervase, d. 1679. ----------- A true testimony concerning oaths & swearing &c. as also an answer to the subject matter contained in twelve arguments or reasons laid down in a sermon preached at Carlisle, Aug. 17, 1664 by Allan Smallwood ... to prove that our savior did not forbid all swearing : wherein is fully cleared the command of Christ and his apostle James swear not at all ... / by Ger. Benson. -----------  Early works to 1800. --  Moral and ethical aspects --  Sermon preached at Carlisle, Aug. 17, 1664. -- Oaths -- Smallwood, Allan, 1608-1686.
A81217 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- J. C.; Caryl, Joseph, 1602-1673, attributed name. ----------- Peters patern or The perfect path to worldly happiness. As it was delivered in a funeral sermon preached at the interrment of Mr. Hugh Peters lately deceased, by I.C. translator of Pineda upon Job, and one of the triers. ----------- Peters, Hugh, -- Religious satire, English --  17th century. --  1598-1660.
A71053 Counter({'part': 2, 'title_page': 1, 'imprimatur': 1, 'notice': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'colophon': 1}) ----------- Saltmarsh, John, d. 1647. ----------- Examinations, or, A discovery of some dangerous positions delivered in A sermon of reformation preached in the church of the Savoy last fast day July 26 by Tho. Fuller, B.D. and since printed / by Iohn Saltmarsh ... ----------- Fuller, Thomas, 1608-1661. --  Sermon of reformation.
A78088 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'tract': 1}) ----------- Byfield, Adoniram, d. 1660. ----------- A brief view of Mr. Coleman his new-modell of church government, delivered by him in a late sermon, upon Job 11.20. ----------- Coleman, Thomas, 1598-1647. --  Early works to 1800. -- Church polity --  Hopes deferred and dashed.
A88806 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'text': 1, 'luther': 1}) ----------- Lawrence, George, 1615-1695? ----------- Laurentius Lutherizans. Or the protestation of George Laurence, Master of Arts, late commoner in Oxford, and late lecturer in the parish-church of George Buttolph-Lane, by Little East-cheap in London. Against certaine calumniations asperged on him by the corrupt clergie, and their lay-proselytes, for some particulars, delivered in two sermons, at Michaels Church in Corne-hill, and else-where, concerning our nationall protestation. As it was declared, by way of digression, in a third sermon at the same church, the 23th. day of Januarie, in the morning lecture, anno, 1642. ----------- Church of England -- Lawrence, George, 1615-1695? --  Early works to 1800. --  Clergy
A10929 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'exposition': 1, 'errata': 1, 'index': 1, 'analysis': 1}) ----------- Rogers, Nehemiah, 1593-1660. ----------- The true conuert. Or An exposition vpon the vvhole parable of the prodigall. Luke. 15. 11.12. &c. Wherein is manifestly shewed; 1. Mans miserable estate by forsaking of God. 2. Mans happie estate by returning to God. Deliuered in sundry sermons, by Nehemiah Rogers, preacher of Gods Word, at St Margarets Fish-street. And now by him published, intending the farther benefit of so many as then heard it; and the profit of so many as shall please to read it. ----------- Prodigal son (Parable) --  Early works to 1800.
A58940 Counter({'half_title': 1, 'title_page': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- J. S. ----------- A sacramental-question concerning assurance how far necessary to a worthy communicant, practically answered, in a sermon, preparatory to the Lord's-Supper, Saturday, March 2, 1699/1700. ----------- Lord's Supper.
A16999 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'tract': 1}) ----------- Broughton, Hugh, 1549-1612. ----------- A replie vpon the R.R.P.Th. VVinton. for heads of his divinity in his sermon and survey Hovv he taught a perfect truth, that our Lord vvent he[n]ce to Paradise: but adding that he vvent thence to Hades, & striving to prove that, he iniureth all learning & christianitie. To the most honorable henry prince of Great Britany. ----------- Bilson, Thomas, 1546 or 7-1616. --  Early works to 1800. --  Survey of Christs sufferings
A21258 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'text': 1, 'index': 1, 'errata': 1}) ----------- Elton, Edward, d. 1624. ----------- The complaint of a sanctified sinner answered: or An explanation of the seuenth chapter of the Epistle of Saint Paul to the Romans deliuered in diuers sermons. Preached by Edward Elton, Bachelour in Diuinitie, and preacher of Gods Word at Saint Mary Magdalens Barmondsey neere London. An now by him published, intending the common good and profit of Gods Church. -----------  Commentaries. --  Romans VII --  N.T. -- Bible.
A09462 Counter({'part': 3, 'dedication': 2, 'title_page': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'prayer': 1}) ----------- Perkins, William, 1558-1602. ----------- Satans sophistrie ansuuered by our Sauiour Christ and in diuers sermons further manifested / by that worthy man Maister William Perkins ; to which is added, a comfort for the feeble minded, wherein is set downe the temptations of a Christian. ----------- Devil -- Sin --  Early works to 1800.