A81905 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'text': 1, 'rules_of_argument': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'errata': 1}) ----------- Dury, John, 1596-1680. ----------- A case of conscience concerning ministers medling with state matters in or out of their sermons resolved more satisfactorily then heretofore. Wherein amongst other particulars, these matters are insisted upon, and cleared. 1 How all controversies and debates among Christians ought to be handled regularly, and conscionably to edification by those that meddle therewith. 2 What the proper employments are of Christian magistrates, and Gospel-Ministers, as their works are distinct, and should be concurrent for the publick good at all times. 3 What the way of Christianity is, whereby at this time our present distractions, and publick breaches may be healed : if magistrates and ministers neglect not the main duties of their respective callings. Where a ground is layed to satisfie the scruple of the Demurrer, and of the Grand Case of Conscience. / Written by John Dury, minister of the Gospel, to give a friend satisfaction: and published at the desire of many. Octob. 3. Imprimatur, Joseph Caryl. ----------- Church and state --  Early works to 1800. --  17th century --  England
A66436 Counter({'publisher': 2, 'half_title': 1, 'imprimatur': 1, 'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'preface': 1, 'errata': 1, 'text': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1}) ----------- Nye, Stephen, 1648?-1719. Considerations on the explications of the doctrine of the Trinity.; Burnet, Gilbert, 1643-1715.; Williams, John, 1636?-1709. ----------- A vindication of the sermons of His Grace John Archbishop of Canterbury concerning the divinity and incarnation of our B. Saviour : and of the Lord Bishop of Worcester's sermon on the mysteries of the Christian faith, from the exceptions of a late book, entituled, Considerations on the explications of the doctrine of the Trinity : to which is annexed, a letter from the Lord Bishop of Sarum to the author of the said vindication, on the same subject. -----------  Early works to 1800. --  Divinity --  Mysteries of the Christian faith asserted. -- Jesus Christ -- Trinity -- Incarnation -- Stillingfleet, Edward, 1635-1699. -- Tillotson, John, 1630-1694.
A61415 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'treatise': 1}) ----------- Stephens, Edward, d. 1706.; Chillingworth, William, 1602-1644. ----------- An admonition concerning a publick fast the just causes we have for it, from the full growth of sin, and the near approaches of God's judgments : and the manner of performance to obtain the desired effects thereof, which ought to be other than our Common Forms, and with stricter acts of moritication than is usual amongst us : with an abstract of Mr. Chillingworth's judgement of the state of religion in this nation in his time : and of a letter from the Hague concerning two sermons preached there in the French church at which were present divers of the English nobility. ----------- Judgment Day --  Early works to 1800. --  Love -- God -- Fasts and feasts -- Fasting --  England
A45400 Counter({'part': 4, 'title_page': 1, 'preface': 1, 'colophon': 1}) ----------- Hammond, Henry, 1605-1660. ----------- Charis kai eirēnē, or, A pacifick discourse of Gods grace and decrees in a letter of full accordance / written to the reverend and most learned Dr. Robert Sanderson by Henry Hammond ... ; to which are annexed the extracts of three letters concerning Gods prescience reconciled with liberty and contingency ; together with two sermons preached before these evil times, the one to the clergy, the other to the citizens of London. ----------- Providence and government of God. -- Grace (Theology)
A41330 Counter({'postscript': 2, 'title_page': 1, 'notice': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'tract': 1}) ----------- Firmin, Giles, 1614-1697. ----------- The questions between the conformist and nonconformist, truly stated, and briefly discussed Dr. Falkner, The friendly debate &c., examined and answered : together with a discourse about separation, and some animadversions upon Dr. Stillingfleet's book entituled, The unreasonableness of separation : observations upon Dr. Templers sermon preached at a visitation in Cambridge : a brief vindication of Mr. Stephen Marshal. ----------- Church of England -- Patrick, Simon, 1626-1707. --  Friendly debate between a conformist and a non-conformist. --  Controversial literature. --  Unreasonableness of separation. -- Marshall, Stephen, 1594?-1655. -- Dissenters, Religious -- Templer, John, d. 1693. -- Stillingfleet, Edward, 1635-1699. --  England. --  Reason of episcopal inspection asserted in a sermon. -- Falkner, William, d. 1682.
A44665 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'text': 1, 'postscript': 1, 'errata': 1, 'colophon': 1}) ----------- Howe, John, 1630-1705. ----------- An ansvver to Dr. Stillingfleet's Mischief of separation being a letter written out of the countrey to a person of quality in the city. Who took offence at the late sermon of Dr. Stillingfleet, Dean of S. Pauls; before the lord mayor. -----------  Mischief of separation -- Stillingfleet, Edward, 1635-1699. --  Early works to 1800.
A64572 Counter({'part': 2, 'title_page': 1, 'dedication_to_parishioners': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'errata': 1, 'preface': 1, 'prayers': 1, 'publisher': 1}) ----------- Thomas, William, 1593-1667. ----------- A preservative of piety in a quiet reasoning for those duties of religion, that are the means and helps appointed of God for the preserving and promoting of godliness. Namely, I. Of four Christian-duties, viz. 1. Reading the Scriptures. 2. Preparation for the Lords Supper. 3. Estimation of the ministry. 4. Sanctification of the Lords-day-Sabbath. II. Of four family-duties, viz. 1. Houshold-catechising. 2. Family-prayer. 3. Repeating of sermons. 4. Singing of Psalms. With an epistle prefixt, to inform and satisfie the Christian reader, concerning the whole treatise. By William Thomas, rector of the church at Ubley in the county of Somerset. ----------- Christian life -- Conduct of life --  Early works to 1800.
A96524 Counter({'title_page': 2, 'treatise': 2, 'table_of_contents': 2, 'errata': 2, 'dedication': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1}) ----------- Wilkinson, Henry, 1616-1690. ----------- Two treatises concerning I. God's all-sufficiency, and II. Christ's preciousness Being the substance of some sermons long since preached in the University of Oxford. By Henry Wilkinson, D.D. Then principal of Magdalen-Hall, Oxon. -----------  Early works to 1800. --  Attributes -- God -- Jesus Christ -- Providence and government of God --  Person and offices
A28590 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Bold, S. (Samuel), 1649-1737. ----------- A plea for moderation towards dissenters occasioned by the grand-juries presenting the Sermon against persecution at the last assizes holden at Sherburn in Dorset-shire : to which is added An answer to the objections commonly made aganst that sermon / by Samuel Bolde ... -----------  Early works to 1800. --  Sermon against persecution. -- Dissenters, Religious --  (Samuel), 1649-1737. -- Bold, S. --  England
A51087 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Anonymous ----------- A modest answer to Dr. Dove's sermon, preached at Bow-Church before the Lord Mayor and court of Aldermen, on the day for the election of a Lord Mayor. ----------- Dove, Henry, 1640-1695. --  Early works to 1800. --  Sermon preached before the Right Honorable the Lord Mayor of the City of London, and the court of Aldermen
A25563 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Gentleman who took the said sermon in short-hand. ----------- An answer to Mr. Stephens's sermon preach'd before the Honorable House of Commons at St. Margaret's Church in Westminster, January the 30th 1699/1700 by a gentleman who took the said sermon in short-hand. ----------- Stephens, William, d. 1718. --  Sermon preached before the Honourable House of Commons, January 30, 1699/1700.
A51787 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Manlove, Timothy, d. 1699. ----------- The immortality of the soul asserted, and practically improved shewing by Scripture, reason, and the testimony of the ancient philosophers, that the soul of man is capable of subsisting and acting in a state of separation from the body, and how much it concerns us all to prepare for that state : with some reflections on a pretended refutation of Mr. Bently's sermon / by Timothy Manlove. ----------- Bentley, Richard, 1662-1742. -- Immortality. -- Soul. --  Of revelation and the messias.
A10320 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'tract': 1, 'errata': 1}) ----------- Anonymous ----------- An ansvvere to a sermon preached the 17 of April anno D. 1608, by George Downame Doctour of Divinitie and intituled, A sermon defendinge the honorable function of bishops wherein; all his reasons, brought to prove the honorable function of our L. Bishops, to be of divine institution; are answered and refuted. ----------- Church of England --  Early works to 1800. --  Bishops --  Controversial literature -- Episcopacy --  Two sermons -- Downame, George, d. 1634.
A09101 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Parsons, Robert, 1546-1610. ----------- A discouerie of I. Nicols minister, misreported a Iesuite, latelye recanted in the Tower of London Wherin besides the declaration of the man, is contayned a ful answere to his recantation, with a confutation of his slaunders, and proofe of the contraries, in the Pope, cardinals, clergie, students, and priuate men of Rome. There is also added a reproofe of an oratiuon and sermon, falsely presented by the sayd Nicols to be made in Rome, and presented to the Pope in his consistorye. Wherto is annexed a late information from Rome touchng [sic] the aute[n]tical copie of Nicols recantation. -----------  Oration and sermon made at Rome. -- Nicholls, John, 1555-1584? --  Declaration of the recantation of John Nichols (for the space almost of two yeeres the Popes scholer in the English Seminarie or Colledge at Rome) which desireth to be reconciled and received as a member into the true Church of Christ in England.
A49336 Counter({'text': 4, 'imprimatur': 1, 'title_page': 1, 'letter': 1}) ----------- Lowth, Simon, 1630?-1720. ----------- A letter to Edw. Stillingfleet, D.D. &c. in answer to the epistle dedicatory before his sermon, preached at a publick ordination at St. Peter's Cornhil, March 15, 1684/5 together with some reflections upon certain letters, which Dr. Burnet wrote on the same occasion / by Simon Lowth ... ----------- Stillingfleet, Edward, 1635-1699. --  Sermon preached at a publick ordination at St. Peter's Cornhill, March 15th, 1684/5. -- Burnet, Gilbert, 1643-1715.
A47737 Counter({'errata': 2, 'postscript': 2, 'title_page': 1, 'preface': 1, 'text': 1, 'reflections': 1, 'supplement': 1}) ----------- Leslie, Charles, 1650-1722. ----------- The charge of Socinianism against Dr. Tillotson considered in examination of some sermons he has lately published on purpose to clear himself from that imputation, by way of a dialogue betwixt F. a friend of Dr. T's and C. a Catholick Christian : to which is added some reflections upon the second of Dr. Burnet's four discourses, concerning the divinity and death of Christ, printed 1694 : to which is likewise annexed, A supplement upon occasion of A history of religion, lately published, supposed to be wrote by Sir R-- H--d [Robert Howard] : wherein likewise Charles Blount's Great Diana is considered, and both compar'd with Dr. Tillotson's sermons / by a true son of the Church. ----------- Howard, Robert, -- Socinianism. --  History of religion. -- Tillotson, John, 1630-1694. --  Four discourses delivered to the clergy of the diocess of Sarum. -- Blount, Charles, 1654-1693. --  Sir, 1626-1698. -- Burnet, Gilbert, 1643-1715. --  Great is Diana of the Ephesians.
A49256 Counter({'part': 2, 'title_page': 1, 'dedication': 1, 'postscript': 1}) ----------- Love, Christopher, 1618-1651. ----------- Short and plaine animadversions on some passages in Mr. Dels sermon first preached before the Honourable House of Commons on Novemb. 25. 1646. But since printed without their order Setting forth the many dangerous and destructive assertions therein both to church and state, the covenant, and the reformation so much desired. Together, with an answer to an unlicensed pamphlet annext to the sermon, entituled, A reply to Master Loves contradictions. By Christopher Love minister of Anne Aldersgate, London. The second edition. Imprimatur Ja. Cranford. Decemb. 17. 1646. ----------- Church of England --  Early works to 1800. -- Great Britain --  Right reformation -- Dell, William, d. 1664. -- Church polity --  Government --  17th century --  Church history
A94741 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'license': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'errata': 1, 'half_title': 1, 'text': 1}) ----------- Tombes, John, 1603?-1676.; Tombes, John, 1603?-1676. Excercitation about infant-baptisme. ----------- Tvvo treatises and an appendix to them concerning infant-baptisme. The former treatise being an exercitation presented to the chair-man of a committee of the Assembly of Divines. The later an examen of the sermon of Mr Stephen Marshall, about infant-baptisme, in a letter sent to him. / By John Tombes. B.D. ----------- Infant baptism -- Marshall, Stephen, 1594?-1655. --  Early works to 1800. --  Sermon of the baptizing of infants.
A36257 Counter({'title_page': 1, 'preface': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'errata_in_preface': 1, 'errata': 1, 'treatise': 1}) ----------- Dodwell, Henry, 1641-1711. ----------- A treatise concerning the lawfulness of instrumental musick in holy offices by Henry Dodwell ... ; to which is prefixed, a preface in vindication of Mr. Newte's sermon concerning the lawfulness and use of organs in the Christian church, &c. ... -----------  Lawfulness and use of organs in the Christian church. --  Church of England. -- Newte, John, 1655?-1716. -- Music in churches. -- Church music
A74688 Counter({'dedication': 4, 'title_page': 1, 'to_the_reader': 1, 'imprimatur': 1, 'text': 1, 'table_of_contents': 1, 'errata': 1, 'publisher': 1}) ----------- Votier, J. (James), b. 1622. ----------- Vox Dei & hominis. God's call from heaven ecchoed [sic] by mans answer from earth. Or a survey of effectual calling. In the [brace] explication of its nature. Distribution of it into its parts. Illustration of it by its properties. Confirmation of it by reasons. Application of it by uses. Being the substance of several sermons delivered to the people of Heveningham, in Suffolk. / By J. Votier, minister of the gospel. -----------  Early works to 1800. -- Vocation, Ecclesiastical